Fix broken graphql-config links in README (#2656)
graphql/graphiql: packages/graphql-language-service-server/README.md

You _must_ provide a graphql config file

> Check out [graphql-config](https://www.graphql-config.com/docs) to learn the many ways you can define your graphql config

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out [graphql-config](https://the-guild.dev/graphql/config/docs) to learn the many ways you can define your graphql config
```

#### custom `startServer`

> use graphql config [`loadConfig`](https://www.graphql-config.com/docs/library/load-config) for further customization:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
use graphql config [`loadConfig`](https://the-guild.dev/graphql/config/docs/library/load-config) for further customization:
```
